hi this video I'm going to show you
yourself the Samsung secret code that
you can use on a Samsung Galaxy s5
first we're going to do from the home
swing launch the font application and in
the keypad you can die with the asterisk
- one two three four - and this will
basically show you the software version
on your phone so you can see here these
are the software version then I'll go
back here you can check for the hardware
and software man version by putting the
K Asterix - one two five eight zero
Asterix three six nine Asterix again
mumbles - so - sorry
so if you put in that you can see is the
mine version so we'll show you the
hardware version and the software
version so if you go back here now you
can also check for the battery status by
pre Asterix - 0 - 2 8 - and this will
give you your battery status you can see
the current value at the level of the
voltage and the average value you can
also cover the quick start to do some
Dax notic let's go back here and we can
do an LCD test so by putting in Asterix
- zero Asterix and hash and here you can
do a few different tests such as red
you can see the Swedish red green so
this is the green screen in blue you can
also do the receiver vibration so the
phone will vibrate constantly so if you
put it up your phone will constantly
vibrate so tapping on the screen will
cancel that now you can test the mega
cam the sensor so just move my hand over
and see that the sender is detecting my
hand and tells you the information image
test graph parameter self-test light
sensor so you can do quite a lot of
different tests in here when Erik sensor
so just go back here then then a slip
you can test the speaker touch the super
where you can test the touch and seeing
that I can test that
so I just went my handle all this boxes
here to test it out
trying to get out of this one here it's
not working so this pressing the HOME
key I said I can't get out of it well I
don't get out too close try to hold it
okay so you need to press on the volume
up to get after wonder for that
particular test because as I touch test
so you can't tap on the screen to get
over to your press on the film up key so
this other thing you can test such as
infrared left block the LED backup and
blood test so you can test quad for
quite a number of things there so we go
back here you can also do some other
tests such as self-service mode so
asterisks hash 0 0 1 1 and then hash and
this will put you in the service mode
you can see self information here now
there are some other code as well so
because there's just too many for to go
through so I do I'm just going to show
you this file here so if you want you
can post the video and you can look at
some of the code here so you can see
there is a loopback test nandroid own
and flash head weight here speed
settings service mode factory key string
camera firmware stylus of smart system
and quick test menu so there's a few
things here you could Kim and give you a
funny test that's it thank you for
watching this video